About Me Section

Currently I'm focused in building and learning more about scalable
web technological solutions, design patterns and how I can further
utilize my creativity and problem-solving skill to help propel
innovation. I spend my free time learning more about reverse and
autonomous engineering, and make meaningful open source
contributions.

Hex color - Turquoise [#658e8d]

Hex color - Silver [#b1a9a4]

Hex color - lime [#9db03c]

Hex color - Blue [#071944]

Hex color - 

About Me Section

I am a software engineer that is positive and well-organised, with excellent written and verbal communication abilities, as well as the ability to operate with little or no supervision required. 

I am product-oriented with experience working with teams to build and design beautiful user interfaces, and server-side applications, to improve the development, management, and scaling of web products. I have a sound understanding of the concepts of  Object-Oriented Programming and am poised in writing code the test-driven development way. As attached my resume indicates I have the knowledge, character, and abilities that are needed to deliver, improve and support the team and the company, with a drive towards profit and strong technological advantage.

I’ve had the opportunity to collaborate and work with different teams as an open-source contributor and employee. I’m more focused on getting my work done, and its improvements, handling proper documentation with custom tools for projects with a massive codebase, writing tests, providing support for new feature implementations, and architectural feedback for these implementations.

I’ve had the opportunity to get my hands on growing technical stacks, plus working alongside the best team members. 

My past experience integrating with other team members including feedback is an indication of me being too fun to work with. My mantra and what motivates me most with the way I do my work has been “Curiosity and Perseverance”, and this has guided me to be where I am today.
I enjoy music and play the drums and bass guitar. I recently started listening to Tom Rosenthal, and also Maro.Musica, she’s inspired my passion to learn Portuguese.

<Main/>
className='w-full h-[2000px]'

Java, Spring/Spring-boot, Micronaut, Picocli, Maven, Gradle
Node.js, Javascript, Tailwind CSS, HTML/CSS, SQL.
Tools: Kubernetes, Docker, Git/Github, Kafka, Jenkins
Testing: JUnit5
Cloud: AWS


Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun  — Researcher (Intern)	JAN 2022 — MAY 2022
Contributed extensively with my Professor and participated in research on Workflow for Hybrid Oil Spill Detection.
Queried and sorted large data to produce results and computed graphs to provide detailed analysis of test cases.
Participated in review sessions and thesis defense during the entire period of my internship.
Independently performed research to handle project tests, and received guidance on complex problems from my professor.
Contributed to writing grant proposals for project funding.

ELOQUENT — Backend Developer(Node.js/Java)					JAN 2021 — DEC 2021
Participated in the entire application lifecycle to build organizational-based internal software.
Focused on building the web layers and APIs for web applications.
Provided recommendations for cloud infrastructure needs (cloud provider: AWS)
Worked in a cross-functional and agile team and collaborated with UI/UX designers and other developers.

DATAFAKER — Contributor (https://github.com/datafaker-net/datafaker)
Java data faker library that generates fake data written in Java 8+, similar to other fake data generators.
Added Nigeria to the list of data providers.
Performed unit testing with Junit for each method created.

AVIYEL— Contributor (https://aviyel.com)
Awesome community collaborating on making amazing Open Source projects.
Contributed technical documentation on Typesense, an open-source alternative to ElasticSearch.
Documentations included integrating Typesense with other applications like firebase, hosting Typesense on the cloud, etc.
Worked in a cross-functional, and agile team making awesome contributions.


NEUROMATCH— Contributor (https://neuromatch.io)
A nonprofit online community of computational neuroscientists with the mission to foster learning.
Contributed as a copyright flagger for the artificial and deep learning course curriculum.

GET DIGITAL— (Freelance - Web Developer, Content Writer, Designer)		SEPT 2019 
Designed and connected the backend functionality to the frontend interfaces.
Designed and implemented WordPress sites for SMEs to put their businesses online.
Consulted to manage the online presence of new businesses with a functional website, branding, and consulting, including associated social media accounts.

ONELINK DYNAMIC CONCEPTS — Data Analyst 					OCT 2016 — AUG 2018
Gathered data and communicated the results to the team lead which significantly improved team performance and business profits by 15%.
Created and reviewed structured databases to handle and collect data, sorting them into categories as they relate to each other.
